$Id$
I. MySQL Installation
   We recomnmend that you read through all of the instructions below before you install MySQL on your System.
   1.Unzip mysql-5.0.18 to any location of your choice.
   2.Open the unzipped directory and double click on setup.exe to install MySQL.
   3.During the installation process, accept all the defaults. You can choose the 'Skip sign-Up' option when 
   the installer asks you to 'Create a new free MySQl.com account'
   4.Click Finish to finish installation.
   5. You will then be directed to an installer that guides you through the configuration of your MySQL server.
   6.Accept defaults until you get to the page that asks 'Please select a server type. This will influence..'
   then choose the 'Server Machine option'.
   7. Accept all the defaults until you get to 'Please select the deafult character set'
   8. Choose the option 'Best Support for Multilingualism'.
   9. On the next screen check both ('Install as Windows Service') and 'include Bin Directory in Windows Path'(more about this latter.
   10. Enter a password  and confirm it.Do not choose any other option.
   11. make sure you write down your password down for future reference.
   12. Click 'next' and then 'execute'.
   13. On Windows running XP Service Pack you may get a Connection Error. If no errors occurred then continue with step 18. 
   14. Configure your firewall to allow port 3306. You can do this by clicking on your firewall icon(located under Start->Settings->Control panel->Windows FireWall).
   15.In the pop up window click on the 'Exceptions' tab. Then click on the 'Add Port..' button.
   16. In the window that pops up enter MySQL in the name field and 3306 in the port number field.
   If you installed MySQL on a different port then enter that port number and select TCP and then click OK.
   17. Go back to the 'Connection Error' window and click on retry.
   18. Click on finish.
   19. To test if MySQl is running, open a command window anywhere on your system and enter mysql.(If you then not check the option that said 'Include bin directory ..' in step 9 above then you will need to change directory to the MySQl install directory.
   20. You should get a message that says that 'Access is denied ..'.
   21. Open a command window to the current directory and at the command prompt enter:
   mysql -u root -p 
   Note: That if you did not follow the instructions in step 9 then prepend the full path to where you installed MySQL to the above text.
   22. The system will prompt you for your password and enter the same password you enterd in step 10 above.
   23.At the Mysql command prompt which looks like 'mysql>' enter:

   source createUserDB.txt

   24. If it was successful you should see a message that says ..
       Query OK, 1 row affected 

   25. Installation of 'mysql-query-browser-1.1.19-win.msi'
   and 'mysql-administ	rator-1.1.7-win.msi' is optional.

   26. Everytime that you are ready to import  a file or files into the database, repeat steps 21 and 22. 
	Step 23 needs to be done only once.
	then at the command prompt type : 
	
	source grant.txt
   27. After successful importation of files into your database, follow the steps in 26 above but enter:
	revoke.txt instead at the command prompt.




